[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

; Native module files

[warband.dialogs]
file_filter = <lang>\dialogs.csv
source_file = _base\dialogs.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.factions]
file_filter = <lang>\factions.csv
source_file = _base\factions.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.game_menus]
file_filter = <lang>\game_menus.csv
source_file = _base\game_menus.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.game_strings]
file_filter = <lang>\game_strings.csv
source_file = _base\game_strings.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.info_pages]
file_filter = <lang>\info_pages.csv
source_file = _base\info_pages.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.item_kinds]
file_filter = <lang>\item_kinds.csv
source_file = _base\item_kinds.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.item_modifiers]
file_filter = <lang>\modifiers.csv
source_file = _base\modifiers.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI


[warband.item_modifiers]
file_filter = <lang>\item_modifiers.csv
source_file = _base\item_modifiers.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.parties]
file_filter = <lang>\parties.csv
source_file = _base\parties.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.party_templates]
file_filter = <lang>\party_templates.csv
source_file = _base\party_templates.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.quests]
file_filter = <lang>\quests.csv
source_file = _base\quests.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.quick_strings]
file_filter = <lang>\quick_strings.csv
source_file = _base\quick_strings.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.skills]
file_filter = <lang>\skills.csv
source_file = _base\skills.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.skins]
file_filter = <lang>\skins.csv
source_file = _base\skins.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI


; Common game files

[warband.troops]
file_filter = <lang>\troops.csv
source_file = _base\troops.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI


[warband.ui]
file_filter = <lang>\ui.csv
source_file = _base_common\ui.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI

[warband.uimain]
file_filter = <lang>\uimain.csv
source_file = _base_common\uimain.csv
source_lang = en
type = INI
